Remove SHA1 default usage (#3717)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-a-read-write-active-directory-user-store.md

SHA - Uses SHA digest method. SHA-1, SHA-256<br />
MD5 - Uses MD 5 digest method.<br />
PLAIN_TEXT - Plain text passwords.(Default)</p>

> <p>If you just configure as SHA, it is considered as SHA-1. It is recommended to use SHA-256 since SHA-1 is no longer considered as secure. It is always better to configure an algorithm with a higher bit value since digest bit size would be increased.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>If you just configure as SHA, it is considered as SHA-1. It is recommended to use SHA-256 since SHA-1 is no longer considered as secure. It is always better to configure an algorithm with a higher bit value since the digest bit size will be increased.<br />
```
